README.md, before:

# Mass-Spectrometry-Data-Companion

A data-processing tool created for use with Mass Spectrometry output. Designed to work well with excel sheets of MS data formatted to meet Radu Lab standardization specifications. 

## Data Standardization Requirements
- Nucleoside categories as columns
- Specific sample compositions and trial numbers as rows

### Additional Requirements for Excel Input
- Columns to be ignored should have no value (NaN)
- Particular data spots without values that are in columns that should have values should be replaced with '0' (zero)
- (A column should never have a mix of valid and empty (NaN) values. Always replace these empty spots with zero.)

## Expected Inputs/Outputs examples/snippets 

### Valid example input
Meets Data standardization requirements.


![Expected Input Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083227-7d45a800-54cc-11ea-8243-b0ef8bedd239.png)

### Valid 0 values
These 0 values should be used in calculation.


![Correct 0 values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083277-d1e92300-54cc-11ea-8e18-d7850ec458fb.png)

### Invalid NaN values
Never mix valid and NaN values.


![Incorrect NaN values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083293-e0373f00-54cc-11ea-8a97-26fc4262670d.png)

### Valid NaN usage
This column is meant to be ignored.


![Correct NaN values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083309-f218e200-54cc-11ea-8f33-94d8783354cc.png)


## Lab Info
![UCLA Radu Lab](http://pet.ucla.edu/lab/radu-lab/) 

Molecular & Medical Pharmacology Department, Pancreatic Cancer Research

Commit message:

Add usage, thank you sections

README.md, after:

# Mass-Spectrometry-Data-Companion

A data-processing tool created for use with Mass Spectrometry output. Designed to work well with excel sheets of MS data formatted to meet Radu Lab standardization specifications. 

## Usage
To be updated

## Data Standardization Requirements
- Nucleoside categories as columns
- Specific sample compositions and trial numbers as rows

### Additional Requirements for Excel Input
- Columns to be ignored should have no value (NaN)
- Particular data spots without values that are in columns that should have values should be replaced with '0' (zero)
- (A column should never have a mix of valid and empty (NaN) values. Always replace these empty spots with zero.)

## Expected Inputs/Outputs examples/snippets 

### Valid example input
Meets Data standardization requirements.


![Expected Input Example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083227-7d45a800-54cc-11ea-8243-b0ef8bedd239.png)

### Valid 0 values
These 0 values should be used in calculation.


![Correct 0 values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083277-d1e92300-54cc-11ea-8e18-d7850ec458fb.png)

### Invalid NaN values
Never mix valid and NaN values.


![Incorrect NaN values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083293-e0373f00-54cc-11ea-8a97-26fc4262670d.png)

### Valid NaN usage
This column is meant to be ignored.


![Correct NaN values](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49767209/75083309-f218e200-54cc-11ea-8f33-94d8783354cc.png)


## Lab Info
[UCLA Radu Lab](http://pet.ucla.edu/lab/radu-lab/) 

Molecular & Medical Pharmacology Department, Pancreatic Cancer Research

## Thank you
Thank you to Research Team Lead Thuc Le for letting me help with your research!
